Long time no see, forestry
My lord, why are you here so late?
You've made it this time, eh?
This Holy Master tasted your crayfish
Huo, thank you very much.
He asked me to personally hand over this golden plate to you
This is the gold medal
This golden plate is extremely poor and cannot be used in a lifetime
You are in your heart
Just one serving of crayfish can get this reward
It's really enviable to look like 40 uncle
I still have a gold sign
You are smart
Haha, there's a gold sign on the way.
With this golden sign
Your crayfish hands can make bigger.
Qinglin, get out of here
Sir, please wait here for a moment.
Dare to hit me
Look at me today I will kill you
Get out of here
Hum Niu Dali
Don't you dare
Aren't you afraid that I will report to the official?
The reporter is the official
Hit me to death
Stop
It's the law, it's simply lawless
Don't think that I'm afraid of you when you wear official clothes
Get the hell out of here!
Otherwise, I will beat you up with a piece of you
You lower your voice
Governor
I can't protect you, we can't protect you
Why are you bullying the people here?
Trample the law
What a dare
Governor
Xiaguan is wronged
wronged
Is this official blind? Teacher Chen
Long time no see.
Oops Niu Dali
What's going on?
Didn't you say this is just a small vendor?
How could it be him?
I don't know.
This is the adult. This is him.
I was deceived by him
He said that someone is bullying people's women
So the magistrate came here
I think it's you who is bullying
Someone take it